all this stuff on our table the first
word that we're gonna do today which is
we have all these letters left
I wonder what word we're gonna make next
I know let's use this cake and make skip
you know what else you're good at flip
what are these cool things it says it
right on the package it's up flip
whistle let's open them up if we take
off the F it makes it we're going to
replace our L on our board with an R
what is our eyepiece though Rick yeah so
what can you do it paper
Wow we have a whole bunch of items that
you can use with our letter D so we're
gonna replace our R so he'd dip our chip
we can dip our candy and we can dip some
you guys love Nutella yeah yeah way
yummy Nutella and then it gets all over
your face this candy plunger into this
yummy sour powder in this toilet isn't
that crazy
yeah plunger cleans the toilet out all
the nasty you when you put it in that
way it's not me still have one letter
left which is G so we're gonna put it up
here and move our D we're gonna do grip
what can we grip this has a cool thing
you can grip with maybe we can pick up
our lip with our grip
with our grip hey that worked pretty
good maybe we keep it hobby Tigers face
with our grip territory we have so many
dips we have too many there's also this
cool Batman candy with a lollipop it's a
big thumbs up just like hobby kids give
us a big thumbs up like Batman to candy
it's super awesome has pop rocks in
there instead of just regular powder to
dip it in the pump props yummy they're
green pop rocks he's also our tip we
have dip everywhere this one is cool
because open powder I think this one is
rad Apple magic simply does the same
then of course the classic maybe bottle
with dick you guys are gonna need to
brush
and another dip French onion dip
today we're I'm some upwards so we had
dip and grip and ship zip fling slip and
skipped if you liked our video please
give us a big thumbs up don't forget to
subscribe to see more videos like this
one you have to put a quiz on option
back